Previously on Will Trent...
Unfortunately. this dark area
right next to it is a tumor.
-What should I do?
-Well. get it out as soon as possible.
Faith? I need...
Hey. Okay. I'm here. I'm here.
Sending an ambulance now.
How bad is it?
Her doctor says
the next 48 hours are critical.
You are my family.
so you need to wake up.
You remember Juice's
defense attorney. James Ulster.
Are you my father?
What kind of a father would
throw his own son into the garbage?
James Ulster. I'm arresting you
for the murders
of Donna Mary Halston
and my mother. Lucy Morales.
Sheriff Caleb Roussard.
I'm Special Agent Will Trent.
Sheriff Caleb Roussard
is your father.
You know how I said I grew up
in a group home? Will was there.
-Will. I'm pregnant.
-You're gonna be a mom. Ang.
-A great one.
-Thanks for being here.
-Of course.
-Angie? Hey.
-She's okay.
-Okay.
-And you're okay?
-I'm okay.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
How are you doing?
Great. I am great.
Great. That's great.
Yes.
-Can I ask you a question. Dr. Roach?
-Yes.
What does pickleball
have to do with therapy?
Can't we just do this in a nice.
air-conditioned office
like always?
Well. we're keeping your body
busy so your brain is focused
on returning the shot rather
than repressing your feelings.
Won't work. I can repress my
feelings under any circumstances.
How's Angie?
-Still pregnant.
-How do you feel about that?
-A little lost.
-Keep talking.
We've only had each other
for our entire lives.
Now she's moved on to a very
successful. emotionally secure doctor.
and I couldn't be happier
about it.
-Really?
-Yes.
Because it would be
perfectly understandable
for you to have
some mixed feelings about that.
-I do not.
-I mean. if you weren't so scared...
I'm fine! I said I'm fine!
I'm so fine that I'm great!
Nice.
I apologize
for losing my temper.
Don't apologize. Keep it
coming. I'm not scared of you.
I've seen the damage a man's
temper can do in this world.
and I really try
not to go there.
Should we ask the pickleball
how you're doing with that
'cause it's all the way
in Macon?
It's normal for a lot of emotion to
come up when you start therapy.
We talked a lot about your
childhood and the abuse you suffered.
Anger is
an appropriate response.
but it doesn't like
to be ignored.
So if you're mad. be mad.
Can we please
just change the subject?
All right.
So. you're going
to Caleb's tonight?
Yeah. I don't know.
His family is loud.
Yeah. some families are loud.
Yeah. and they over salt
their food.
-Not the sodium.
-Yeah. and they have an enormous dog.
It's a Great Dane.
It's like a small horse.
I mean. why does anybody
need a dog that big?
What are they compensating for?
Maybe you're looking for
reasons for this not to work
because you don't feel worthy
of a family.
You make me out to be
a rather sad man. Dr. Roach.
I'm just saying you have been
surviving on crumbs
and now you have the whole cake.
Yes. but it is a carrot cake
with raisins.
♪ Isn't it rich ♪
♪ Are we a pair ♪
And then he comes into
the living room
while I'm hanging out with a
friend. and he goes... "New rule.
the soy sauce no longer
needs to be refrigerated.
From now on.
it resides in the pantry."
In the pantry?
I know.
And I'm like. "Okay. do we need to
have a meeting about the ketchup?"
The man has rules for
his kitchen. I respect that.
This is the best chicken
I've ever had. Mrs. Roussard.
Aw. Nico.
you're welcome back anytime.
Here. Have some more.
Pass me the salt.
Do you know sharks don't have
any bones? They only have cartilage.
Really?
Did you know shark's eyeballs
are as big as five human eyeballs?
You know. I was just thinking this morning
I don't know anything about sharks.
How about we go look at your book and
you can bring me up to speed on sharks?
Okay.
Pass me the green beans. please.
Now. Reed.
beluga caviar is the best.
However. uh. it has been banned
in the United States
due to the endangered status
of the beluga sturgeon.
Mmm.
-I like those black truffles we did last time.
-Oh. yes.
Our little. uh. foodie club has
been a highlight of my prison journey.
We sure those fish eggs
travel okay?
Oh. yes. Yes.
Lights out. everyone.
Okay. Reed. Now. normally
I serve this on a blini.
-which is like a little crepe.
-What's a crepe?
It's like a little pancake.
Mmm.
But today we must improvise.
so we are using potato chips.
Now. close your eyes. Yeah.
All right. Ah.
Now...
Now feel the texture. mmm?
Mmm.
It's like little fishy
boba bubbles only smaller.
Fair. Fair.
Okay. don't worry. Jerry.
I haven't forgotten about you.
I'm going to make you
the perfect bite.
Oh. Mmm.
Mmm.
Health care in this country
is so messed up.
Why won't this damn TV come on?
Hey. Franklin.
you need to calm down.
Ormewood is fighting
for his life here.
Running out of time. Franklin.
These could be
his final moments.
Ooh. it came.
You look so stupid.
I really can't get over it.
It's for Cooper.
so I don't look sick.
It's working.
Still got his eyelashes.
- Mmm. Okay
- Come on. man.
-Oh!
-Oh! There it is.
It's in Spanish?
Ormewood. this isn't Spanish.
You don't understand this?
Did they leave a little tumor
in there still?
I left a little tumor
in your mom.
Okay. close your eyes.
Ah.
Ah. Now describe
what you taste.
It's kind of subtle.
but it's also rich.
I might even use
the word buttery.
I actually like the taste
of the potato chip.
The brightness of the salt really
helps the entire experience. Mmm.
Hey!
♪ Isn't it rich ♪
♪ Isn't it queer ♪
It's too late to turn back now.
my boy.
♪ And where are the clowns ♪
I love this green.
I mean. look at it. It's fresh. It's
welcoming. It feels like spring.
I mean. it's... it's...
You know. it's...
it's jubilant.
-Jubilant.
-Yeah.
Show me the orange one. bigger.
Okay. bossy.
Uncle Will.
Yes. Calvin?
Don't tell anybody. but
sometimes when I'm in the bathtub.
I get scared a shark
is gonna get me.
Calvin. I promise you. sharks
cannot get you on dry land. okay?
♪ Maybe next year
They'll be here ♪
♪ Send in the clowns ♪
James Ulster has
a big head start.
What do we know
about this kid he's with?
Reed Hobbs. Single homicide.
Only family he has is his grandmother.
What's Caleb doing here?
Any new information that
comes in comes straight to me
so we can adjust the perimeter.
Okay? Go.
What's all this?
-I'm running point on the prison break.
-No. you're not.
Prison's in Bradford County.
That's my jurisdiction.
GBI wants me to lead up
the marshals and GDC.
That's absurd.
Will. this is a manhunt. not a
murder that needs to be solved.
You think I don't know
what this man means to you?
I'll find them.
-Deputy Director Appleyard...
-Acting Deputy Director.
Why are we taking a back seat to
the Bradford County Sheriff's Office?
Agent Trent.
you're gonna lower your voice.
-All due respect. but also not really.
-Will.
I think you don't want us
involved in case this goes south
because you don't wanna look bad
because what you really want
is that deputy director job.
-Will!
-I already have the job. Agent Trent.
Temporarily.
Giving this to Caleb
was my idea.
Amanda.
Should you be here?
Probably not.
But I came to give Bill
my opinion on this case.
So. are you telling me you got out of
bed and hobbled over here with your cane
to put me on the bench?
Yes. I did.
You're too close to this. Will.
Oh. okay. Well then. I guess. you
know. I'll just go take a bubble bath
-and wait for James Ulster to kill somebody else.
-Okay. Let's go.
This behavior
is proving my point!
It's insane that you would
take me off this case.
I know Ulster better than any
of you or Sheriff Roussard.
This man killed my mother
and left me to die.
So on behalf of the state of Georgia.
I would just like to say thank you both
-for your terrible judgment.
-Oh. my God. Will. come on.
Go.
I consider this a complete and total
undermining of me by Amanda Wagner.
Let the marshals do the
roadblocks and watch the busses.
We can still investigate.
Wait. was this always here?
-You can't knock?
-I got a project for you.
Ormewood. why are you in
this tiny dark closet?
This is my office. okay? They
gave me this new computer job.
and I can't do it
unless I have peace and quiet.
-What do you need?
-It's Ulster.
We need to figure out
where he's going.
I thought you guys
got thrown off that case.
-How'd you know that?
-It's on the WhatsApp chain.
We're working the case on the
DL. which is why we're using you.
We know that Ulster is
well connected and charming.
It's possible that
he's using people to help him.
and we want to know who.
Morning. Snack time.
It's not vending machine hours.
Franklin.
You made that up. Ormy.
No such thing.
No. you don't fit inside of
here. okay? Absolutely not.
Discrimination.
Will. hi.
You think four armed officers stationed
at my place is a little excessive?
No. I do not.
James Ulster abducted you
from my home last time.
so it makes perfect sense
to give you protection.
I can also come over and sleep
on the couch if that's better for you.
No?
Then four armed guards it is.
So. uh.
what are we all doing in here?
It's 'cause you got kicked
off the Ulster manhunt.
-I saw it on the WhatsApp.
-Yeah.
What's everyone talking about?
What is this?
APD-GBI gossip.
It's a group chat everyone's on.
Oh. you're not on it?
-Are you on it?
-Yes.
-Okay. I feel like yelling again.
-Okay.
Ormewood. can you just pull all of James
Ulster's clients as far back as you can?
Yes. and also pull all of his
visitor logs from the prison.
Same goes for Reed Hobbs.
I know how to do that now.
That's gonna be a long list.
What are you gonna do with it?
We're gonna cold call.
and it's gonna suck.
James Ulster.
He defended you on a money
laundering charge back in 2006.
As you probably know.
he escaped from prison.
We saw that he defended you
on a DUI ten years ago.
No. ma'am. I can assure you
this is not a scam.
Several DUIs?
I see that now. Quite a few.
I'm not a robot.
Okay. can you let us know
if you hear from him?
And maybe consider a
12-step program too. Good night.
Do I sound like a robot?
-Pizza?
-No.
You know. I hate that window.
Mmm.
It kind of sounds like
you need some pizza.
Seriously.
do I sound like a robot?
Okay. Sometimes.
when you're not screaming like a
lunatic at the guy who signs your checks.
I don't care.
That guy's an asshole.
Who? Appleyard?
Yeah. I prefer Amanda
and she's terrifying.
Wait. what are you still
doing here? It's 3:00 a.m.
Well. Gina has the kids and I'm
trying not to feel like a useless turd.
Well. you came to
the wrong place.
This is useless turd
headquarters.
What is that? No more names.
Ooh. do the elevator thing.
Hey. good work today. Mitchell.
I'll see you at home. okay?
Mitchell. just come in here.
And yes. these are more names.
and I would start with this one.
Sal Moreno.
Ulster got him off a rape
charge involving his babysitter.
but they kept in touch
over the years.
What makes this guy so special?
Because this guy owns a steak
house inside the roadblocks.
Let me see that.
Mmm.
Feeling better. Reed? Hmm?
Protein. It's good for you.
Hmm.
Mmm.
Special Agent Will Trent.
I knew it. See?
Good guess. Hello. James.
Mmm.
No. it wasn't a guess. I...
I knew you'd figure it out just
a little faster than I'd hoped.
but I'm proud of you.
I know you found your shiny.
new biological father.
I need a location
on the following number.
You'll always be my boy.
Oh. you sound. uh. threatened.
Maybe a little jealous.
Why don't you come on in?
We can discuss it in person.
No. no. no. no. no can do.
You would not believe
the day I'm having.
I need a drive-by wellness check on
a Sal Moreno. Last known address...
A bit of a mess here.
You didn't hurt anyone.
did you. James?
Oh. no. it wasn't me.
Not to throw anyone
under the bus. but. uh...
...when you choose
your family in prison.
it is slim pickings...
...even though...
I'm very fond of my Reed.
Did Reed kill somebody?
He's just a kid full of passion.
vibrance. When did we lose that?
Anyway. Glad to reconnect. hmm.
Oh. same.
You know. I miss you too.
How about we stay on the phone
and have a proper catch-up?
-It's been a while.
-No.
Gotta go.
And. Will.
I just want my freedom.
I'm not coming after you.
It would be so great
if you could return the favor.
No can do.
Hmm.
So be it. Catch me if you can.
-Okay. avocado toast...
-Aw.
...when you're ready for it.
Well. you and Eleanor.
No. no Eleanor. I had an Eleanor.
Ex-boyfriend set her on fire.
All right.
well. strike Eleanor then.
Yeah. but thank you
for breakfast.
-I appreciate it...
-Yep.
...as does Lola.
Mmm. I had a Lola.
Died in a motorcycle accident
on I-85.
-Oh.
-She didn't have any skin left.
-Oh. Search continues.
-The search continues.
Don't worry. we will find it.
I love you.
What is this?
What am I looking at?
-You're looking at a box.
-What's in the box?
-You will find a ring in the box.
-Are you insane?
-Why are you... Stop yelling at me.
-Like. why...
I am trying to ask you
to marry me right now.
You make me laugh.
You're the bravest woman
I've ever met.
You make me feel more alive
than I have in years.
But most importantly.
you're super hot.
-Holy cow. Jeez.
-You like it?
Yeah. but I can't wear that
at work.
I know. That's why I got you
this super boring backup.
Oh.
That's really pretty too.
-Is that a yes?
-You got me two rings. That is so...
Ang. I'm dying over here.
-Yeah. Yes. yes.
-Yeah?
Yes.
The marshals are less
than five minutes away.
That thing you do.
you better do it fast.
♪ Her daddy
Got a big aeroplane ♪
♪ Her mommy holds
All the family cash ♪
♪ A beautiful rose
Stay at the corner ♪
♪ She is living
In and out of tune ♪
He was looking for something.
He didn't find it.
♪ You're losing
Your vitamin... ♪
How you breathe in this suit?
No wonder you're so uptight.
Where did you get this.
Ross Repressed For Less?
Mmm.
Someone entered.
♪ Hey. you ♪
He startled Reed.
He was armed.
♪ You're losing
You're losing ♪
Reed took his gun.
♪ Your vitamin C ♪
How's it going with daddy?
By the way. I'd love to meet him.
I'm sure you would.
He is a bit of a cliche though. right?
I mean. the cowboy hat.
the boots.
You murdered sex workers
and sewed their mouths shut.
-I think I can live with his cowboy hat.
-Hmm.
♪ You're losing
Your vitamin C ♪
Yeah. I did. I did do that.
but I used to bring my reusable cup
to Starbucks. so let God be the judge.
Get out of my head. James.
After killing one patron.
he decided to kill 'em all.
In for a penny.
My point is.
he's not like you and me.
There is no you and me.
Guys. are we doing this or what?
Yes. Fine.
Go ahead.
-What's in that. Sal?
-He questioned the owner.
I don't know. I don't know
what you're talking about.
Oof.
Cold-blooded. Hmm.
Where were you
during all this. James?
Reed Hobbs was a 16-year-old
when he held up a gas station.
The clerk pulled the gun
and Reed shot him.
Killers gonna kill.
Sure.
Unless he was just a kid
who made a terrible mistake.
I think when I send this
back to the lab.
this tissue is gonna test high for
saline and match Reed Hobbs's DNA.
It was you.
I didn't think it was because
you like to savor your kills.
But I guess you were frustrated
things weren't going according to plan.
You were looking for something.
-Oh. my God.
-Don't. Wait.
You didn't find it.
No. please. No.
You killed everyone
in that restaurant
while poor Reed cried by the
table waiting for it to be over.
But you brought him
a soft drink.
thought that'd make him feel
better about the room full of corpses.
Okay. you got me.
But what I find interesting
is that I'm still wearing...
...the suit.
which makes me think you're
living vicariously through me.
Shut up. James.
Uh. just throwing it out there.
You got some anger.
I wish you could do
something about it.
Have you ever considered
murdering sex workers?
You don't know me.
You actually think
that suit is fooling anyone?
I said shut it.
You think people
can't tell what you are?
You're a monster and I'd put
the needle in you myself if I could.
You're just a scared. abused
little boy who can't read.
Get out of my head!
Will!
You okay?
It was Ulster who killed
all these people. not Reed.
He was looking for something.
Yeah. it was probably this.
It's ten grand and two fake
passports for Ulster and Reed.
A courier just dropped it off.
-Well. he was a little late.
-He was a little high.
An anonymous client
hired him to put the package
behind the paper towel
dispenser in the men's room.
Passports means he was trying
to get out of the country.
-but now he's scrambling.
-Mm-hmm.
There should be six cars
out in that parking lot.
They're only four.
They split up.
Is Caleb here yet?
-No.
-Good.
Reed Hobbs is scared.
I think he didn't know
how violent
Ulster would get.
Maybe he's gone to see
someone familiar.
His grandma.
What else are you craving?
Just. like.
olives and salty things.
You know what though. my
egg allergy just disappeared.
-Shut up. For real?
-Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Guys. I found something
and it's magnificent!
I'd like you to meet...
Janice-Theresa Weggle.
Uh. Polaski. get that Chinese
food out of here. I'm gonna hurl.
-Today's my nauseous day. Please.
-Okay. okay. okay.
So. why do I care
about a Janice?
Janice-Theresa.
There's a hyphen.
And I will let her
tell you the rest.
Hey. y'all. Come get ready with
me to visit my fiance in prison.
Uh-oh.
Okay. I want to start
with a modest top. right?
-And... Yep.
-Oh. girl.
And then. I like to complete
my look with a big bold red lip.
Just like this. y'all.
Because my fiance is a lip man.
Lips and nails...
...lips and nails.
that's what he's into.
And so. it's important
for me to look nice.
I'd give him my life if I could.
-I just...
-Okay. here it comes.
I cannot wait to be
Mrs. James Ulster.
-Yes!
-No way. Girl...
Come on.
-Let's get her.
-Let's go.
-And I like to be hot and sweaty.
-Well done.
Is this lady ever gonna show up?
Maybe she's already in the
Bahamas waiting for her man to arrive.
What possesses someone to
want to marry a serial killer?
Mmm. Desperation. loneliness.
Real romantic. Franklin.
How about
an unwavering belief in love?
Who are you?
I don't know. man.
Ever since I got sick. I've been moved
by people and their stupid feelings.
She wanted a connection. It
was the best option she could find.
Are you okay?
My nauseous day is also
sometimes my emotional day.
I probably shouldn't
have come here.
I'm gonna close my eyes for a few
seconds. Tell me when she shows up. yeah?
-Noted.
-Okay.
Angela Agnes Bernadette
Polaski. are you engaged?
Speaking of an unwavering
belief in love. let me see the ring.
Oh!
-Congrats. Polaski. You bagged a doctor?
-Ah!
-Yeah.
-Ooh!
Make sure you tell him to invite all of
his gay doctor friends to the wedding.
Look at all these diamonds.
I know.
it's kind of a lot. right?
Well. like. he gave me another
one. but I kinda like this one.
No. no. no. Hey. no. No. Do
not put that on the WhatsApp.
-Come on. this is breaking news!
-No!
Will doesn't know yet?
-Not yet.
-Oh. man. He's gonna be crushed.
-Can I tell him?
-Absolutely not.
You feeling a little
conflicted. preggy?
No. just...
All right. stakeout rules apply?
Nothing leaves this car.
Car is sacred.
Okay.
God. I love Seth. He's...
He's so good to me.
You know. when he looks at me.
I don't see all the mistakes
I made looking back.
But sometimes I think
about the universe where...
it's Will.
I don't know what that means.
and I feel really guilty about it.
'Cause you're beating
yourself up for being human.
Oh. look.
there's Janice-Theresa.
-Hey.
-Where?
Oh. God. Look at this lady.
Yeah. look at her. Polaski.
She's engaged to a serial killer.
Do you think that
she's beating herself up?
-She is not.
-Mm-mmm.
She just goes to Kroger.
buys a low-fat cottage cheese.
her Chardonnay and her modest
tops. And goes about her life.
Whoa!
Oh.
-Uh. you just hit my mailbox!
-Oh. that was on purpose.
-Screw that mailbox. Hey. bitch.
-Wait. do they know each other?
-What?
-You've been lying.
-I don't know you.
-You don't have to know me.
-I don't know you!
-Don't you throw that at me!
-She threw her with that.
-I don't know you!
-You're gonna know me...
-Bread.
...'cause you're a liar.
-Come on. Let's go.
-No. no. Hold on. It's getting good.
-Come on.
-Oh. my God.
-Girl. she can run.
Oh!
Okay. I feel like
we should call it.
Just wanna see how it play out.
Come on.
Oh. not the car!
You are not his fiancee! I am!
He's mine!
Two fiances. One serial killer.
two fiancees.
-Get off!
-I love my job.
Oh!
-No.
-No. wait. wait.
You get off!
I don't know you.
Nice reversal!
Hmm. way to come back.
All right.
No. You!
Um... All right.
She got that slam. look at that.
Get off me!
-Uh-oh.
-Yeah. APD.
Nurses say she sleeps for 23 hours
a day. hadn't been verbal for weeks.
They're just waiting
for her to let go.
And she hadn't had any visitors.
Well. someone brought her
those chocolates.
Freeze! GBI!
Reed Hobbs. stop!
I can't breathe.
Reed. stop!
Reed. Reed.
Listen. I just...
Okay. easy. easy.
I just wanna talk. okay?
-I don't wanna hurt anyone.
-I know that.
You just wanted to see your
grandmother... one last time
to say goodbye.
Isn't that right?
Look. I know what happened
at the restaurant.
I know James Ulster
killed all those people.
I think you wanted
no part of it.
He loves me.
I know he does.
But he's dangerous. okay?
And he's gonna get you
killed. Reed. I know him.
Let me help you. please.
You're Will. right?
He said you're his son too.
Yes.
You know what that makes us?
-We're brothers?
-That's right.
You can trust me. Reed. okay?
Let's put down the gun.
Let's just talk a little. okay?
Tell me what his plan is.
So we can stop him
from hurting anybody else.
I don't wanna do this anymore.
No.
What the hell did you just do?
-What the hell happened here?
-A lot of big feelings.
What happened is.
he just shot our best lead.
No. I took out an escaped murderer
that had a gun pointed at you.
You're not even
supposed to be here. Trent.
Thanks to Sheriff Roussard.
our job's half done.
He had a gun pointed on you?
He was lowering it.
We were talking.
He could have helped us
find Ulster.
I don't care! Okay?
You don't know that kid!
Could've changed his mind
blowing your head off!
-I have zero regrets!
-Really?
You know. every life I've taken
weighs on me.
It's so nice that
you can sleep at night.
This isn't your case. Will!
One of the dead guards'
credit cards pinged
at a car rental agency
in Savannah.
Probably Ulster.
I'm gonna go look into it.
All right.
I'll handle the media.
Go back to the office. Will.
Look at him. Can't wait to get
his face in front of a camera.
Oh!
-Are you okay? Okay. okay.
-Yeah.
I just need to sit.
Okay.
All right. easy now.
Great.
This is just what I need.
It's Bill Appleyard watching me
collapse in the street.
Okay. so. what are we gonna do
about this jackass?
Should we kill him?
Guys like that can't be killed.
They just get promoted.
How's Will doin'? Really.
I think
if we don't catch this guy.
then he's gonna go off
the deep end.
And it's not helping
that he's not on the case.
I know.
I just can't lose him.
But James. he would
write me these letters.
I mean. long. long letters that
were full of the most romantic things.
I mean. one time...
He told me he wished my eyes
were swimming pools so...
So he could just. boop.
take a dip in my eyes.
Isn't that the most romantic
thing you've ever heard? I know.
I can see how that
would bowl a person over.
Do you have any idea
where he might be going?
He says his last thought before
he drifts off is the smell of my hair.
He's never even
smelled my hair before.
It's just the thought
of the smell of my hair.
It just holds him in a spell.
He has killed ten people
in the last 48 hours.
Aw. I hope he's okay.
I'm sure he had his reasons.
We know that a courier made
a drop of cash and passports.
Was that you or was that Lisa?
You really think that piece of
trash could come up with ten grand?
Okay. so that was you.
I didn't say that.
Did I say that?
Okay.
I've had enough. You wanna hear
what your fiance has been telling Lisa?
He says his last thought
before he drifts off
is the smell of my hair.
But...
But that was our thing.
That was our thing.
It's just the thought
of the smell of my hair.
It just holds him in a spell.
Oh. that two-timing...
Asshole.
I love him.
but that was my thing.
He's never even
smelled her hair.
Well. ours is pissed
and she lawyered up.
Mine's uncontrollably weeping.
Let me take a run at weepy.
-What are you gonna do?
-Don't worry about it.
Thank you.
October 14th. 2017.
What?
It was a Saturday.
Ruth's Chris Steak House.
I was waiting on
my boyfriend. Jerod.
We were eight months in.
and I was in love.
♪ I grew strong ♪
But then my buddy Charles
texted me a bombshell
that Jerod was married
to a woman with two kids.
-In Marietta.
-Really?
Men are pigs.
I know.
So I see you. Janice-Theresa.
and I want you to know
that you are not alone.
We're all Janice-Theresa Weggle.
So let me tell you something as
one Janice-Theresa to another.
This is not
the end of your story.
Yeah. it is.
This is where your story begins.
No. It is not. I don't think
I'll ever love again.
♪ No. not I ♪
Yes. you will.
You're gonna come back
from this.
You're gonna rise
from the ashes.
In fact. I'm gonna call you
Janice-Theresa-Phoenix.
Oh. I don't know.
That's a lot of hyphens.
You are worth it. Janice
hyphen Theresa hyphen Phoenix.
She's eating out of
the palm of his hand.
-Is this story true?
-Who cares?
Hey. Now look.
there's only one thing
standing between you and the
sweet revenge of a happy life.
-What?
-You're in a bit of trouble now.
-No.
-You have aided and abetted a known felon
who is racking up
quite a body count.
Are they gonna...
Are they gonna
give me the chair?
We're gonna do everything
in our power to avoid that.
but I need you to be honest
with me so I can save your life.
Yeah. yeah.
Now. Ulster's had.
like. two fiancees.
Is it possible that
maybe there's a third?
-Maybe even a fourth?
-No. No!
No. it's not possible.
It's just... It's...
Well. there was Jackie.
but they ended things
about a year ago. so...
Who's Jackie?
My sister.
I'm gonna need an address. JTP.
♪ I will survive ♪
Jackie Weggle. Two
gunshot wounds to the chest.
Pete thinks it was less
than two hours ago.
Why would he do this?
Well. her car is missing. so...
You're not acting like
you got kicked off the case.
Yeah. well... I had to see.
Now he's killing the women
who helped him.
He's never gonna stop.
Will. you can sit this out.
We got this.
You didn't create this guy.
No.
But he created me.
He put me in that trash can.
He...
This man dictated my whole life
from the moment I was born.
I have to end this.
So you're torturing yourself.
A little bit.
He's. uh... He's in my head.
Oh.
He beating the crap
out of you in there?
Yeah.
By the way. congratulations.
What?
I saw the ring.
Happy for you. Ang.
We have full surveillance
on the rental car agency.
Ulster hasn't shown up.
We have flock cameras checking
for Jackie Weggle's Chevy Malibu.
We think that's
what he's driving now.
I have all my men
watching the agency.
and the moment James Ulster
shows up. we'll have him.
Unknown number calling.
Trent.
Did you know sharks can hear
their prey from 3.000 feet away?
What did you do?
Nothing yet. but if I have
to hear another shark fact...
If you hurt that boy. James...
No. Will. you are not
in charge this time.
I am.
He took my son.
I'm taking his.
Tell me where to meet you.
♪ Mystic palm
Gem and tarot ♪
Hello. Will.
You can stop right there.
Uncle Will.
we've been waiting for you.
You can put yours...
right here.
Hey. Calvin.
I got a new one for you.
Did you know that sharks can't
get cavities? Isn't that crazy?
Lucky sharks. No dentist.
Hey. you see that family
over there?
I want you to run over to them.
all right?
You're gonna ask
to use their cell phone.
Call this number. ask to speak
to Faith Mitchell. She's my friend.
You tell her you need
to be picked up. okay?
Okay. What are you doing?
I'm gonna hang here and play a
little game with my friend James.
Go ahead. okay?
Your mom's gonna be worried.
Well. I'm gonna miss you.
Bye-bye.
Oh. I knew you'd come.
Because deep down...
you know I'm the father
you deserve.
Maybe.
The problem is...
I'm running out of options.
Caleb. cliche though he may be.
is surprisingly good at his job.
You and your cowboy father
will never stop looking for me.
which leaves me
with just one choice.
And what's that?
It's time to die.
♪ Our mother's milk
Double faro ♪
You ready?
All right. Let's go.
It's good to see your family.
-Calvin. you okay?
-Yeah. he's okay.
We got to turn on the
police sirens. right. Calvin?
Come here. baby.
-What happened?
-Ulster took him from his day camp
and then. according to Calvin.
Uncle Will traded places with him.
Ulster has Will?
Roussard.
They found the Malibu.
What?
They found two bodies.
Is it Will's?
It's not. is it?
It's his.
Oh. my God.
Will.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today